welcome ladies and gentlemen today a piece
time for you to tidy up
never did it so far
I like it I like a team
it 's only that old so there will be many
changes take place there
as soon as I want to make transfer fee and so do I
invested a whole lot more
i will tell all kinds of story in relation to
the first match because here it is
we start against us we start
stormy majolica cala d'or send me
does not pop right in front
something that unluckily void also a whole
good chance if rooney received the ball
van van persie aimed at the left arrow
very unfortunate but then you know that
goal drink to flat sir for
rest 5 minutes before getting it from van
press the role of nani in those buns
with his left in the far corner
goalie can't do anything I believe
I was here as small is the heart
is i can not miss its but rather
attacks on in a 352 with the teams like that
tasty fries and still very good
jones and narrow in its great central
defenders in which the second half what
less high but ten minutes
about rest after paper
they head the ball inside siku person
receive the ball from sacco for his
that head a fine along here yes but
five minutes later again as van persie
the banks bare
has that space and it hits him in the
short angle that guy is overpowered in
Everyone abused and so we cargo
he made two one of 63 minutes
played and from the press
yes i don't know i don't like you
of course and that has different
reasons
also because of north and or and are
of course but not just la wicks
brings to the form, but it is good
already reasonable with a he does not play
bad
here well put him he gets
or weather baker who makes his cohen
second round match three 168 minutes
played and cacoa is really one
world player in the game really how
easy he still players holes how fast
that is
is just amazing it is so god is too
really really good
but well then the almost comes to
Finally, a short hour's soggy ball
gives who gives the man of persie who
gives a by elroni
and then your brother goes on purpose or all of her
shook off at night and you know what
going to come
when we tea coal by tom cleverley he
makes four one of 82 minutes
played and the match has been played and
reason day before that suede went like me
wanted every chance of a possible
avoid closure and I was n't sure
or green number 1 would each be their
left foot
anyway we win with four one one
good result
because yes we are still on the
seventh place I believe to be the first
competition match was this forest or not
I don't know that anymore but well the
next race in the hood in the ft-iq
would be against wigan if everything is right
but that is not the case again
but good you sieneke 2 scouts now
both 5 close judgment and that is anyway
especially important
how I never get x-perience from that anymore
how many players is cold there but I put
they in their own country that often takes care of it
on better players
I'm so so so but a shot in the
hissing couple in scotland and in turkey
I didn't scout it often I do it
most about something england south america
that kind of countries but that shot your
and I was very upset about it after me
just for short what I still church I do wa
will put some up most guests here
weren't really up yet but yes me
have only two and three matches with them
played
I think there is in many growth
henricus as players and as those below
they still have a lot of potential
I think it's all next years
coming
but well we also go I would fielder
statistics show rooney here
light for our team with 18 goals
the score pretty much also rooney light
also for our team and press assists
also has a few same ones
the one in the GA already has eleven clean sheets
was therefore has two red bottle
cards that movie a bit like I had
do not expect aggressive one
was good we see little bit there
set up a scouting network and we go too
another game against practice rooms
wanders with the capital one cup and
who can really be stolen will
but I can really advise that
whoever gets stolen only 100,000
or as much as you blind and as a visit eon
yes there you have nothing to the 100,000 even
a fourth division club of the Netherlands and
I am about a hundred thousand but okay me
just want to simulate you see her flight
you also get rooney filming right away
made a zero then 15 minutes and then
it went pretty easy
valencia after 35 minutes for 2 0 for us
can also zuma the cacoa ring still makes
a goal in the 64th
and stir it now in the 77th minute
enter zero in at the cup final
the capital one cup which of course is
important for me there 100 xp
level 25 I have a new version
of the scout ii future star that is
then again it is a joke expensive than a piece
we'll be better so I 'm curious about myself
to
definitely see if i will do that if
you want to see that just comes
reaction
let's get better but good we have a pot
against west ham in light it for in the
competition and stir already here it goes
very early along with a great man
shot but your keeper wooden unfortunately and so
went the whole match here too you see
so with
I played Robocraft for fifteen minutes
ballroom that gives him back
week no offside spence can
don't keep a bang team
flawless ar down the middle
danny welbeck what a great player
is that he has so much potential or he
is but I think 23 something and he has
so much talent he can run very well
good man can pass is one
shot is also fantastic i don't know
what about headlines but good I do
it doesn't make so many couples that
not off
and there is in the second half it was
not as exciting as against wolf space
but incredibly annoying moment
my controller just disappeared
was a bit less but a one the cost now
saw it there very annoying and and must
I attack again I don't feel like me
form ' would rather not go under pressure but
good weather in the 63rd minute goes rooney
very easy to pass direct man and
put him in the past the goalkeeper
goalkeeper to score a very simple one
and rooney is really very good as a striker
people less that less because he
Double eyes workrate but has moffat
is good and then in the 77th minute ornamental
once moments final chord you for
Danny Welbeck
his second of the match and he goes
very good mail idea he will be anyway
follows seasons as replacement of van persie
it is now 30 years old and if I still pay
box of which there might exchange for
a good boy striker then that would be bad
be nice but get here this way
anderson still gets the ball from nani and
this is the real final agreement than here
made four here
one of those that each opposed
calling but well there can be
be worked
where is that beautiful ball from after that on
anderson who dribbles past a direct one
man and he just puts it in the net
to make four of them and that's the
end position logically lean with four
a
This means that we are rising to the and
60 placements I believe next
match against liverpool
I do hope you like this video
liked if you have my choice for
the future scout or something else
let me know in the comments if we
30 likes arcadis videos and pretty cool
are actually and subscribe if you like
not yet done on my channel and me
hope to see you again tomorrow for new ones
ultimateteam video so